everybody welcome back to the land
please bunny once again truth plus we're
we just had a great run as Lazarus you
know what we just got the razor on Eve
let's try to leave is like well I don't
want to say almost done
what is that far-right thing on the
post-it anyway it must be delirium yeah
because I've only got it done with a
couple of people when I don't know I am
an idiot I am a moron man last episode I
looked at Lazarus post-it note and I
said oh we've already done the hush
fight no we haven't we did boss rush
boss rushes the star then the the tear
drop emoji is delirium and the far right
is hush no the far right is delirium and
the bottom right is hush anyway we're
gonna play as Eve we have to do the
entire negative side so Sheol into the
dark room and or the void k98 bs s70
excuse me excuse me even supposed to
start with a razor blade now excuse it
can you hear me I want to call it off
Eve was a but that's the whole reason
I'm doing the Eve run here is that my
girl was supposed to start with the
razor blade I thought we unlocked that
doing greed or something I can't
remember how we don't know look it
doesn't matter too much in the whole
scheme of things you will survive here
and it's all we go Jesus I mean that you
don't need a razor blade if you just you
know take damage against the champion
right off the bat so the easiest way to
enable the transformation here monstros
long if you have the stats screen up and
you pick up monstros long for the first
time you probably are like this is a
total ripoff in actuality it's like one
of the most fun items in my opinion that
the game has to offer and you know
magnifies any tear effects that you can
associate with it the thing is like we
probably actually want to get that HP
but I am a slave for you I can't deny it
I ain't trying to hide it and buy for
you in this case I specifically mean
for high-damage so I really don't want
to get rid of poor Babylon unless we get
something out of it and we did get
something out of it in the form of the
halo basically we got more HP which is
useful you know an early HP upgrade to
grab some deal with the devil fuel is is
positive have we done mega Satan is Eve
I thought we had almost you know
exhausted is posted so I imagine we
probably have yeah we have so we don't
we can take a deal with the devil pretty
much guilt free without worrying about
how it's uh excuse me sir
without worrying about how it affects
our our prospects here we're pretty much
rolling monstros long doesn't win the
game by itself but it unveils a lot of
synergies that I think could be positive
for us here I got a sneeze and a half I
can feel it just behind like the
something in my nasal Farrell for Ringel
look I'm not a doctor I really thought
we could sneeze there you know use a
little once you get inside of the human
skull as far as I'm concerned for me
it's just like I don't even I don't know
what's what there's just goo two
eyeballs and a brain in there somewhere
get the finger which is a pretty
positive item for us to grab here the
finger little like do I know cuz I never
use it properly that it's actually
basically a form of piercing shot and
and also spectral tears like it goes
over rocks it goes through enemies like
these these stone men here from high
Valyria we got nothing to worry about as
long as we can use that appropriately I
kind of want to try for a little secret
room action we got it which means that
we are gonna gain access Wow first off
took quite a lot of money and secondly
quite a lot of money secondly to this
cursed room in here that's given me
spirit heart I want to be careful but
the truth here like what I do it like
this now that we have a spirit heart
let's take advantage of this get Whore
of Babylon working for us we didn't
enter you're right we didn't enter that
way I can't recall the finger scales
with damage but I believe that it does
you know what would be like is this even
in our version of the game yet like we
might not have unlocked it if we can get
I of Belial it's the eye of Belial it's
poison in one bite please look out I am
an excellent fighter BFFs not bad but
yeah whoa Barrett can know if we can get
oh my god hi guys that's not a great one
if we can get aya Belial to get piercing
shots with monstros lung we're like
already extraordinarily rolling what's
the point of chaos card don't hate me
for this but I think on an average run
chaos might be like one of the most
overrated cards it's also simultaneously
very good though it kind of runs into
the credit card problem is all I'm gonna
suggest
and the credit-card problem is is merely
that so we've worked our last remaining
pillages verb so if we get a good pill
you can double up lock up is not that
bad
and we got two verbs so we might as well
verb a lock up and then let's burp
another luck up and then we'll try our
luck with this last pill yeah yeah that
was a smart call so we got up to three
luck as a result of that um it's a great
card but it suffers from being too good
to use now if you're gonna fight mega
Satan and you get this card you're like
the luckiest person on earth but if
you're just holding on to it and
wondering when to use it it does have an
opportunity cost like it takes up a slot
the whole time that you're holding it so
yeah I would love to you know go to the
hush fight and crush the second phase of
hush with this chaos card and I'll
probably plan on doing so it is probably
worth saving until that point but for
now who knows dude it's like if imagine
if in real life you had the ability and
I think this would be terrible
legislation I would forego like all of
my political principles to vote for
whatever party oppose this legislation
but imagine if you had like one crime
you could just do one crime any crime
and you would you know one of them would
get you'd get off automatically you can
use your get-out-of-jail-free card by
the way if you're saying why wouldn't I
just do a murder you're a terrible
person
if the law is the only thing stopping
you from murdering people you need to
take a deep look inside yourself and
examine things well I want to get the
most value out of my
get-out-of-jail-free card
no that's you know robbing a bank maybe
oh no did I ruin I did ruin Whore of
Babylon murdering somebody and stuff
what I hear you know your money is
federally insured etc etc either way I'm
not saying you're not a terrible person
by the way if you're like wall just
robbed a bank I'm just saying
more so than murder that would should be
like your first pick I think okay let's
use a bomb
well anyway the whole point of that like
part of the conversation was the idea
that you might think that that would
make you more likely to do the crime and
I think that there's something to be
said about that but I think you'd also
like at least I would go through life
probably die at the age of 80 still
being like I don't know if it's worth
use like the get-out-of-jail-free card
yet no it's like like chaos if I'm being
honest with you and this is not even
messing 0% which is a double negative so
I'm messing with you literally zero
percent right now it's probably the
smart money to use the chaos card on
this guy right here just to make sure we
get some use out of it cuz let me let me
paint a picture for you what if we end
up getting a year of room before we
fight hush assuming we can even make it
to the hush fight here what do we take
with us the era room to the chaos card
nobody knows so we're still not at war
babylon enabling here i wonder if if the
google deepmind algorithm to can scan
for the word whore in which case i've
really got to start calling it like lady
of babylon which might seem like it's
being deeply misogynistic on my part I'm
just trying to find a name that you know
is indicative of what the item does I'm
not suggesting of course not I don't
hold that troubling attitude what we're
gonna do here is look for an item room
and change the topic of conversation a
shot speed is like infinity per second
here it's actually pretty good with the
monstros long to be honest with you
finger I don't know if the damage from
finger this is why we need spider bot
but I don't know if the damage from
finger is doubled as a result of BFF at
range I'm assuming if the finger
collides with an enemy if it even does
melee damage which maybe it just does
the range damage up close
then it might get the benefit of it but
I'm not certain you might think that
this run is not looking that hot right
now that was pretty dumb of me I I very
much disagree to be honestly I think
this run is fantastic I think we just
happened upon a room that is like the
worst possible candidate for our present
skill set so still got an item room on
this floor not sweating it too much I'm
still on a little bit of an Isaac hi
from the from the last run as well that
Lazarus run was like actually of 10 out
of 10 please please sir please thank you
and we've got unlimited bombs that
would've been helpful a moment ago but
life goes on anyway
we're holding it together here I know
there's that fairly famous Patton Oswalt
bit about you know when you turn like a
certain age you should be able to you
know get away with crimes it's a funny
joke but I disagree with it
what are we they ever taken curse of the
tower I bet we have because I know
myself we need to hook God I tried to
use black powder we need to take it but
the gist of that joke you know it starts
out with the idea that birthdays are I'm
not gonna tell the joke over again
because it's like you ever try to
explain a stand-up bit that's funny to
somebody and then he goes like blah blah
blah you gonna be there too but you know
the gist of that bit is that you know
your birthday's stop mattering or stop
being worth celebrating when you're over
the age in like 21 after that it's like
every every 10 years you get a birthday
I agree with that I disagree with the
idea and I think so does he that when
you reach a certain age you should be
able to legally commit murder but you
know that's a comedian it's gonna be
telling jokes probably is the idea
he's my expectation at least I wouldn't
know cuz I've never laughed in my life
so we're at full red hearts that stinks
but what's great is that if we start to
lose HP we can now use like horror
Babylon to be an indicator of how much
HP we have although we're done with this
before regardless so figured we just try
to maximize our potential here check
this out we got a semi useful space bar
item it's only semi useful right now but
it's okay we'll take a quick peek for
pills or magic mushy and actually with
unlimited bombs here hear me out here
blow myself up did not activate Whore of
Babylon not a big fan
grab this use it power pill no no I
actually don't want that please don't
kill me here I bought a pill by accident
that was so oh I'm a moron I wanted to
buy a spirit heart this won't kill me no
whore Babylon
now we have Whore of Babylon so we're
like low on HP we bought a spear at
heart actually think I would love to buy
two spirit hearts at the cost of maybe
no arcade on the next floor we didn't
get a second spirit art we did get a
health upgrade pill kind of the opposite
of what we want that might seem like a
terrible idea it may be a terrible idea
but what it is done is given us the
damage necessary with a little bit of
protection on top of it to hopefully
take advantage of our relatively good
damage and then other steps here to not
take more damage in the future it's the
idea at least we also picked up mom's
bottle of pills at half price which that
that's a half price item as far as I'm
concerned I'm pretty stoked because we
know there's a health upgrade in our
rotation which is good even if we don't
want to use it as HP we can always use
it as a deal with the devil fuel as I
say but then beyond that I only picked
it up because I knew there was a lock up
in the rotation so I figured that that's
enough to sway me if we know about two
pills
one of them's neutral and one of them's
good sure if we got no better space bar
item it's a lot of conditions on this
but give me give me give me mom's bottle
of pills and I'm a happy camper buy
another spirit heart keep ourselves safe
here PhD is kind of bad but I'll accept
the cost I mean it's great but it's bad
for you as Eve but I'll accept the cost
here because in the future it could be
worth a lot right now it's it's a pretty
big negative honestly but with mom's
bottle of pills you got to go for the
long-term synergy and you know the more
Isaac I play the more I'm like Eve is a
fun character because of that trade-off
often times you know the way ed
described it is so good he liked and
this was like three years ago or
something but he likes playing as Eve
because the trade-off of like should you
trade HP for damage is interesting I
agree that's interesting but it's also
oh my god stop relying on the finger is
it
orbital it's also kind of old hat at
this point you know we've been down that
road more times than we care to admit
what's way more interesting is the idea
of these situations at least to me it's
more interesting the idea of these
situations that are like should I trade
away my existing worth for more
potential in the future that's kind of a
cool trade for me because at some point
you got to say you know what know this
good item is bad for me because it makes
me worse now even if it makes me
potentially a little better later or you
just ride that train like the whole way
but gonna have consequences as well this
would be a great time to beat the odds
get a deal with the devil no such luck
might as well take the HP still on pace
for boss rush chaos doesn't do anything
for boss rush it's not like a big
positive there got a try first things
first
1.53 speed go through that yeah okay in
the end this is like very worth that I
think for the spirit heart alone which I
will pick up dust Lea okay good good
good yeah this is it's a little bit of a
rude awakening after the Lazarus run the
Lazarus run is like the worst kind of
run not that I'm complaining it's the
worst kind of run to have to start your
recording day if you're planning on
recording like 8 Isak episodes because
it just gives you the keys to the
kingdom right off the bat you get like
isaac affluenza you know when you when
you start a run that strong you never
learn what it's like to be down in the
trenches you know fighting for damage
now you may argue after 2300 hours and
steam of playing The Binding of Isaac
rebirth and then you know probably like
a thousand plus of the original version
of the game we should probably have
internalized that lesson and to that I
say who are you like you know my
headmaster I never went to a school with
a headmaster
I went to the schools I went to barely
at a principal dude and when we went
there we didn't have any principals it
was both ways now I didn't walk there
both ways in the snow I took a bus but I
had to wake up pretty early to get on
the bus that's a terrible place to stand
there goes our deal with the devil
chants the curses of the unknown I'm not
gonna say that there what's what's
beating me up the most here but come on
man I'd like to be able to see how much
HP I have I think that's a universal
right the universal right of Isaac you
have everybody has the right to one
damage upgrade before the caves part two
is over everybody has the right to see
how much HP they have everybody is the
right to have either a curse of the maze
or a curse of the loss but not both with
the one exception being the ultra hard
challenge how are you not deceased
very very good I'm actually gonna take
this opportunity because I think boss
rush is basically an unrealistic pipe
dream right now it take this opportunity
to head back and go to the curse room
and sack a spirit heart for the for the
right to do so
ah this is good so we know we have one
and a half spirit hearts at least I
think it most actually as well but let
us I should have taken wishbone a couple
floors ago let us get down to the Whore
of Babylon state here there we go so we
have wonderful heart left right now we
couldn't even play it a little bit more
if we wanted to but I don't think
that'll be necessary we'll take roid
rage and we now have one spirit heart
remaining with one red heart to back it
up so we should be cautious but
simultaneously simultaneously like
pretty happy about the way that this is
going almost dodge rating it to speed is
a it's a liability sometimes probably
the best bad gas pill I've ever used
no all right there goes Whore of Babylon
but technology 0 plus monster has lung
now you speak in my language would be
better if not all of our shots you know
hit his skull and then dissipate it but
maybe I should stop aiming at the skull
if I'm gonna complain about it now if we
can get I mean again Belial tears I like
tena attend but if we could get any form
of piercing shot your boy would be an
extremely happy camper worth it okay
bounce out of this room we need to see
now is the shop
and ideally like if we could stop
walking into enemies that'd be good
mom's toenail is a zero out of ten
trinket masquerading as like a 9 and a
10 trinket don't believe its lies here's
all you need to know its dang geez
Ling's favorite trinket when was the
last time you watched and easily play
The Binding of Isaac rebirth 1991 dudes
fully invested on pub G right now not
there's anything wrong with that play it
a lot myself it's a great game what do
you think about the micro did you look I
can understand being cynical about a lot
of games and I can understand being
cynical about pub G I really can even
though you're likely to saying that no
I'm I'm being I'm being honest with you
I'm actually gonna use the Sun card here
oh dude this is perfect
do we still want to use the Sun card
though I mean we could use it to get
full HP and then come back and play this
dude that took a red heart even though
it might not look like it but pub G is
also really fun and whenever people are
like but what does it mean for the
industry I'm like what are you in the
industry for dude I'm in the industry
I'm worried about the trend of like loot
boxes as uh as gambling that's why we
rag on them in the series all the time
for saying they're never gonna have loot
boxes and then all of a sudden they have
loot boxes and they say like well we're
trying to fund the prize pool for our
tournament my dog you sold like 11
million copies of your game you can't
fund a prize pool for your tournament
and now let's ignorant a business I
don't think it is I think it's like the
International you know although the
International for some reason I'm like
cool with them funding it maybe because
you get the experience but anyway I
digress
but in the end pub G is such a fun game
to play with friends that when people
are cynical about it I'm like dude what
do you want out of this where you want
it to be like a you know visitor base
puzzle-platformer instead it's crushing
it it gives me it reminds me of being 16
and like coming home with my friends
well not with my friends I lived in the
suburbs but I'm coming home and talking
to my friends being like loves play some
halo too
it distills the the experience of the
video gaming industry is an art no it's
it's actually like the opposite of art
I'm trying to think of like a good movie
comparison because it is it is not like
a Darren Aronofsky film it's like a
really really well-made fast and the
furious just because you know it's not
intended to be high-minded art and I'm
the most pretentious person on the
analyzed that's probably so for me to
say this I think means something
hopefully it's cuz it's not high art
doesn't mean it's you know not a
worthwhile endeavor sometimes you have
to be very smart to make stupid things
and sometimes stupid things are
extremely enjoyable so I think that was
the right math on this we got quite a
lot of money we're not gonna make boss
Russian that's okay let's keep moving
here and attempting I know it's bad gas
perks I'm potentially but not quite good
enough by the way don't think it's like
only them and that allowed to like pub
do if you don't like pub G that's fine
but if any of the time
it sounds like I'm specifically like
some talking Nick here that's not my
intention there are dozens of you out
there but if any time it gets mentioned
you're like why do people like this
games fun dog not everything's like an
international conspiracy to to dislike
or they'd like to like something that
you don't like specifically to single
you out and I want to go a little bit
further I think we're living
particularly right now in an era where
to be aloof is is seen as a positive
thing and I disagree with this the
reason people like it is because it's
fun and just because you don't like
something you you can never be above
someone on an intellectual level
specifically by not liking a piece of
media and I want to make that clear the
one exception is transformers if you
don't like the Transformers movies you
do have you got like one extra point and
intellect versus people who like them
but they could beat you they might also
have their masters and
Chemical Engineering and that's like 40
points okay so like just it's one point
it's two point five percent as much as
having a degree in chemical engineering
by the in the NL scale at least but I
hate to see cuz I was part of the
generation that did this you know ten
years ago I hate to see people judging
other people or building themselves up
by specifically cultivating an identity
of what they don't like
it's the lamest as a teenager it's
actually no problem and I don't say that
to demean the teenagers watching this
but you know you're you've got a you got
a case you're figuring out your identity
if your identity is like I'm the guy who
doesn't like Radiohead go for it dude
you'll you'll work it out I mean I okay
computer is an all-time classic and you
know your mileage may vary with respect
to kid a and amnesiac etc etc but I
disagree with you but I agree with your
right to say it as an adult is the
lamest thing ever if 99% of the time
you're talking about something you're
going I don't like this people are gonna
start to wonder like you know it's it's
way easier to be the dude who may says--
than to be the dude who yeas Sates and
I've been saying this for years but if
you're the dude who always nay says--
and I think it's applies to YouTube as
well in a big way and it's a guiding
philosophy for like the let's look at
series much much to my commercial
detriment by the way but if you're the
guy who always nay says people are like
he's being honest cuz there's no reason
for him to lie about how bad something
is there's always a reason to lie about
how good something is people are way
more cynical if you're positive if you
give a great game an 8 out of 10 people
will be like how much did the publisher
pay you you give a great game like a 5
out of 10 people are like he's a
discerning customer well maybe maybe not
there's also I think there's a case to
be made for the idea that you know being
negative is commercially a positive
thing for a lot of people even if it can
sometimes become a little dishonest I'm
not singling out anybody in particular
here nor would I go over the top as
suggestions and people
or frequently negative are necessarily
not giving you their honest opinion I'm
just saying to be a naysayer as a and
everybody's got honest criticisms of
something I'm very much Switzerland
myself here which is a cool thing I
think being quite neutral in the
situation but if you're always a
naysayer if you're like that thing that
people like I don't like it for me I'm
like that's wicked lame you don't have
to like everything that other people
like but you know you start to notice a
trend I think of cultivating an image
being above things that the masses like
you know some things the masses like a
kind of garbage I'll level with you a
million percent on that by the way Nine
Lives big pickup and now what are you
talking about talk about Isaac no is
episode 8 million in this series I'm
getting on a soapbox and destroying
everything I've worked for I still have
this chaos card which is very stunning
to me by the way I think we might be
able to make the hush fight and we have
99 cents so it would be a good thing to
do oh thank God for the range upgrade um
like there's some trash music out there
I listen to the radio some of this
garbage I don't think it's objectively
garbage definitely I am the kind of guy
where probably if I Melissa a top 40
radio like 80% of what comes on I'm like
I'm not a big fan I don't go on Twitter
and go how can the idiots blah blah blah
why doesn't everybody listen to spider
land by Slynt that's uh blah blah you
know but still I think everybody's got
like an industry that they're kind of
like that with but all I'm saying is
that I'm I'm no better than the other
average person that's the key to the
soapbox is you get on the soapbox and
you admonish other people and then at
the end you tie it in you get like all
these free shots in and then at the end
you go oh you can't criticize me because
I'm aware of the fact that I'm an idiot
that's I see and then this is even meta
because I'm telling you that I'm aware
of the fact that I'm away
it's oh no I've gone cross-eyed again
but I this is and I think I've done this
tangent at least once before probably
like two years ago but if you're out
there you might be like a you know 15
year old version of me right now and
you're like oh you're gonna go see a
mother this weekend it looks alright a
little pedantic but Darren Aronofsky
really peaked with PI his 1998 student
it's fine but eventually people are
gonna stop asking you for your opinion
cuz they already know it in advance how
do you feel about X I don't like it why
not uh I haven't seen it yet really but
as it's pitchfork media gave it a you
know you get the idea
and that's what I try to do with let's
look at is if stuff is bad I just I'm
Way less likely to cover it because I
think there's so many games on Steam in
today's day and age we're definitely
gonna make the hutch play by the way and
this is we're not talking about Isaac
anymore you might think that's dishonest
stood like scuttle coverage if something
is not very good but I disagree if I was
i GN and I was like I don't like destiny
- I'm not gonna review it out of respect
for Bungie I think that would be a bad
sign but let's look at is not really
meant to be is this game good is this
game bad at least it is present state
it's more like highlighting cool stuff
that I've played on Steam cuz with 20
games coming out a day I don't
necessarily know a really definitely
gonna fight house yes I don't
necessarily know if you need to be like
hey here's a game that just came out you
may or may not have ever heard of it but
it's bad so don't buy it
you're already probably not gonna buy it
because you may not know that it exists
now there are exceptions you know we've
if Isaac to came out and it sucked I
would definitely have to be the guy that
would be like I gotta do a video on this
here's what I don't like about it but if
it's like you know one man and II team
comes out with the game looks cool is
not cool but it's also not making any
waves it just kind of feels like
punching down to be like hey I played
this game and I don't like it
anyway let's donate a bunch of money
here you may disagree with that by the
way and you may even very much
vehemently disagree with
love to know your thoughts on that the
NL SS is where we oftentimes end up
playing stuff that's come out that
nobody's heard of that ends up being bad
and we kind of poke fun at it so I do
still have an outlet for that it's not
like I'm just you know scuttling all
coverage that that might be funny cuz I
know people are gonna be like yo you're
gonna missing out in the humor value of
it I do understand where you're coming
from there but what I would what I would
pass on to you is that you know being
kind of like ironically detached from
stuff and being above everything that
other people like it's so it's a
shortcut get dusted hush it's a shortcut
for looking intelligent but as you get
older people are way more interested in
talking to people who who are passionate
you know who are like yeah I work in
human resources how is it this stinks no
they don't want that they want they want
to talk to the dude who's like I work in
human resources how is it it's super
cool let me tell you all the cool things
about my job it's lame to be excited
about anything get that trash out of
here and also I drop my controller and
then I caught it that's that's an
attitude for like that that works when
you're 15 and there's nothing against it
if it works you smoke a while you got it
right once you get to college people are
like house or go you enjoy organic
chemistry if you're if you're not
enjoying it be honest but if you are
enjoying it dude step up oh I love
trying to figure out what molecules are
chiral versions of other ones
okay so faiths I'm giving you life
advice I I shouldn't be because as I
always say you shouldn't take life
advice from a 28 year old that's how you
get yourself into trouble very few
people you know on their deaths death
beds are like I hit peak wisdom at age
but either way
I'm trying it's from a place of love I
mean necessarily I'm trying to trying to
give you my limited life experience for
that I think I would have wanted to hear
when I was younger although I probably
would have been like I'm not taking
advice from this guy he plays you
through YouTube games on the internet he
doesn't even have a master's degree
which might be good advice and Jeff
maybe I did hit peak wisdom at like 22 I
don't know mm I didn't by the way we are
fighting or we're on track to fight
delirium here and that is a big get
because our speed is already like
infinity out of 10 um I'm not gonna
fight that guy cause it could be
delirium so we'll just stay away for now
but I I don't love our odds of going up
against the lyrium here I think our
stats are pretty good but I would like
to point out we're not in the Whore of
Babylon state and our damage is four
points to zero which I I'm trying hard
to avoid recognizing as the meme number
we can make it we can make it so I don't
really love our odds monstros lung gives
us a little bit more hurting power no
question and as does Jacob's Ladder but
Jacob's Ladder is more like wound clear
than single target damage I think and I
have to say I think cuz the runs a
little weird anyway this is all good if
you want to be cynical about pub G dude
I'm cynical about pub G as well I'm also
a bit of a realist I think so I'm like
yeah you know it was a great marketing
move to say you're gonna do early access
without doing microtransactions until
launch and then like oh wait a minute
we've sold four million copies we should
probably go back on that I'm not afraid
to tell you because I think is being
honest that if I was the if I was CEO of
Blue Hole I would be like you know I
know we said that but we could also make
like quite a lot of money and against
what I would consider to be common sense
and it's little insulting but a lot of
battlegrounds players are like you know
totally cool with with them games
concrete's that were
the game semi recently but so so maybe
you're actually given the consumers what
they want and I can understand how you
would be frustrated by that you're like
these these sheep don't even know that
they're destroying the industry but at
the same time mostly I'm I'm pretty live
and let live sort of guy within reason I
think even when you might be saying well
NL I hear you every time you go to the
grocery store you get another anecdote
about somebody not behaving to your you
know societal ideal yeah but I don't
think that person should be like I don't
think they're an actual idiot
nor do I think they should be like
penalised by the law or something oh
those are Seinfeld bits you know don't
take them to their logical extremes
that's my job so the cliff notes of that
meandering soapbox was you know there's
like Power Rankings for personalities I
think genuinely enthusiastic number one
a New England Patriots this year every
year number two
probably genuinely dismissive number
three
artificially dismissive number for
artificially enthusiastic I think I
would rather interact with somebody
who's regularly semi intellectually
dishonest ly negative about things than
somebody who's like oh yeah chemical
warfare that's really cool you know
that's unlike an ethical level
specifically cuz I know there's probably
cool science involved as terrible as
that sounds either way that's that's the
Power Rankings I strive in my life to
not necessarily be always genuinely
enthusiastic but to not be ashamed like
with when people are like oh you sounds
like your programming class is pretty
boring I'm like you know there's parts
of it I don't like that much but I
really like the problem-solving aspect
of programming you know I'm taking a
JavaScript class is really cool cuz I've
only ever done object-oriented
programming language
Jes has object-oriented components like
you can create objects but it's also a
more dynamically typed language which is
weird for me plus I've never done like
almost any HTML or CSS so I've kind of
got a long like learning curve ahead of
me trying to figure out you know how
that stuff is structured plus you know
the part of front-end dev is trying to
make things look nice which I have no
skills in so you know it's it's really
fun for me but also a unique challenge
to try to learn that stuff and there you
go you've spun your the fact that you
know my first assignment was hey can you
submit a web page that has a picture of
you know a pet or family member on it
into something that was a little bit
more exciting it's infectious I could've
just been like yeah it kind of stinks
but I want a job one day that's cool I
want to spend more time with that guy
guy who has no respect for his own time
except he's doing some of his parents
wanted to do anyway I'm not trying to
rag on you don't don't take that last a
little bit by the way as like me
admonishing people who don't know what
they want to do with their life I don't
know what I want to do with my life
I'm here I love playing video games on
YouTube how could you not first off I
mean there are there are lays I suppose
but it's not all sunshine and roses but
the duty itself is like a really nice in
my opinion but even still like you know
I'm 28 YouTube goes up what do I want to
do I don't know probably something in
that you know computer technology field
of things but I don't know if I want to
be a front-end dev a database
administrator a visionary for AOL or
something who knows so don't sweat that
that's not what I meant
there's more dislike you know it shows a
great deal of self respect to do things
that you enjoy and it not be ashamed
about it that's cool that's cool stuff
and that goes for anything by the way if
you're on the if you're a smart guy and
you feel guilty about being really good
at football in your high school or
something
screw that dude love football it doesn't
have to just be dorky stuff that it's
traditionally societally a little bit
shunned you know you can still you could
be the guy who's smart but also loves
you know doing pancake blocks ain't
nothing wrong with that
live your true self I'm very non self
improvement I as well and this is this
conversation is making me put that into
question I'm just telling you then you
have to thine own self be true okay we
have better damage now but I don't fully
understand whether or not we have a
great chance I mean the sad bombs are
nice we got unlimited numbers of them so
that's good we were very right to not
fight delirium right off the bat because
he was in that room let's give it a try
min so you should really in my opinion
be throwing down sad bombs like non-stop
here and I'm not gonna apologize for it
the sad bombs the added benefit of sad
bombs here is that static tears are
gonna connect all of our like Tammy's
head deaths touch shots so they are
gonna sincerely cover like the whole
room maybe not with a ton of damnit
filled with enough to harass the enemy a
little bit of needle them if nothing
else we also and I haven't been doing a
great job of this so far we should
endeavor to an extreme degree to not
take damage beyond the obvious that you
just shouldn't try to take damage in the
first place we don't want to have to if
we lose this fight we're gonna have one
HP and then we're gonna have to die to
delirium ten times so I would prefer to
avoid that if possible we're pretty much
on pace to succeed right now when you
consider the Sun card but we could do
better
which is what I'm trying to do it in
president Oh am i selling my own bomb I
think and they got hit immediately after
no the more we can make like the weak
enemies that delirium spawns or becomes
I should say the more that we can make
those eat like an entire sad bomb the
easier our life becomes like this guy oh
my god like tell a frag myself every one
of those bombs might be like 5% of his
HP if they take the brunt so sure that's
20 that we have to hit with but every
single one you know helps us out here
please spawn more enemies that basically
never move couple of really good bombs
in here by the way we've equalized our
previous errors I think
that was I thought mom's heart had
detached and was flying around the room
he's almost done dude that should do it
right there it didn't I Papa Sun card
real quick that might get the kill
didn't there we go and by the way this
was not like a throw I think we took a
lot of damage that we shouldn't take him
but for the most part like we were not
particularly stat it up for this so I'm
very happy that this worked out we had
already done that
I think we'd already
well thanks for watching hope you guys
enjoyed the episode of particular like
button upset a great deal of course
subscribe your LC for the future but for
now thanks for watching and I'll see you
next time